What are you laughing at?
Funny, so funny
Chu Mingcui
Do you remember the time when the Supreme Emperor was critically ill?
What do you want to say?
In fact, at that time
I was on the verge of death.
I privately diagnosed and treated the Supreme Emperor
If it can't be cured
Then I'm dead
What are you trying to say?
I want to say that I am in awe of death
I'm not afraid even if I die
But
You will surely die before me
It seems that I will not kill you.
You are also dying
Abandoned and intact is you
Abandoning the King of Qi who loves you wholeheartedly is also you
This step by step
It's all your fault
What do you know?
Brother Hao loves me
It should be me who is with him
If you didn't rob it, I should be with him
If I were with him
He won't be as useless as Yu Wenqing
He will give me whatever I want
Yuan Qingling
Go to hell stop it